well howdy there internet people its
bogan so uh I had a friend send me a
list along with this list he posed a
hypothetical question he said of a
foreign power was targeting these
facilities what do you think their goal
is what's their strategy I love
questions like this by the way I'm gonna
give you guys the list and you guys can
tell me what you think it is okay
maintenance facilities in Miramar
California for the f-35 that is our
state-of-the-art fighter
state-of-the-art aircraft vehicle
maintenance facilities in Kuwait dry
dock facilities at Pearl Harbor f-35
hangars at Luke Air Force Base in
Arizona I have 35 hangars at Eglin Air
Force Base and in Florida a staging area
in Poland a mobility center in Greece
the training facilities that the seals
use and the training facilities at Bragg
used by what you guys have called Delta
Force that's a list so they're they're
crippling our air because if these
aircraft aren't maintained well they
don't fly it's that simple
they can't be properly maintained they
can't block the dry dock facilities at
Pearl Harbor oil are pretty pretty
important to the Pacific Fleet and the
training facilities for the Special
Operations community are very important
that's all they did
they trained constantly so my answer
they're trying to degrade our readiness
this is something you would do before a
war as these are small operations you do
to degrade the ability of the opposition
to respond that's what it is
okay so what is the list really
these are DoD programs that are on the
chopping block so Trump can build 234
miles of wall along the 1954 mile border
yeah I hate to break it to you guys the
walls still not getting built it's still
just a section of it this is what we may
have to give up to get 234 miles in
addition to this there were a bunch of
other things a bunch of other DoD
programs that might get hit but they
also want to take 2.5 billion dollars
from DoD's drug interdiction program I
personally don't care I'm not a
supporter of the war on drugs however if
you bring up in your speech that the
wall will help stop drugs it won't but
it was in the speech you might not want
to take two and a half billion dollars
from one of the only successful drug
interdiction programs seems a little
stupid you know Trump had two main
campaign promises build the wall and
rebuild our military
234 miles is not building the wall it's
not it's start this is not rebuilding
the military it is degrading it it is
hurting its ability to respond
the f-35 by the way is a 1.5 trillion
dollar program each aircraft cost around
90 million bucks but I guess we're just
gonna set them out on the tarmac s' no
hangars no maintenance facilities not
gonna build oh now he's saying oh well
we'll just build them a year later
that's not how DoD works that is not how
DoD works construction projects on posts
and bases they're done like 10 years out
that they're planned way ahead and
they're done that way for a reason yeah
you know you're going to have fallout
from this if this isn't built then this
can't be built then this can't be done
these these planes can't come here
because we don't have the facilities to
house them even though well we've
already kind of let the pilots trained
on these aircraft to go it's you can't
do this with DoD with when you're
talking about an organization that large
the logistics involved is immense if you
have not watched the one of the latest
videos I did about the new immigration
numbers please go watch it your this
what we're doing is we're we're gonna
give up our ability to defend against an
actual invasion to build part of a wall
to stop an invasion he made up this is
this is insanity
it is insanity
anyway it's just a fault y'all y'all
have a good night